W-20384069 update a2a mcp gr (#962)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: gateway/1.11/modules/ROOT/pages/policies-included-mcp-support.adoc

The MCP Support Policy configures Flex Gateway to support MCP server instances. You must apply this policy to all MCP server instances for the instance to function properly. If you don't apply this policy, Flex Gateway might throw a runtime error.

> The MCP Support policy enables the *Total MCP Calls* metric that tracks the total successful and unsuccessfulcall made to the MCP server. To view *Total MCP Calls*, see xref:flex-managed-view-api-metrics[View Flex Gateway Key metrics].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MCP Support policy enables the *Total MCP Calls* metric that tracks the total successful and unsuccessful calls made to the MCP server. To view the total MCP calls, see xref:flex-managed-view-api-metrics[].
```
